look at that one folks we are back on
Karis desert today and we're going to be
witnessing mu as a w spider xack facing
off against rank with his Force
Commander rank actually going for the
Triple Scout build here which is very
good against Elder who go
for only one Guardian but not very good
against Wat xac so it's a bit of a toss
up there it we'll see we'll see how M
does with the w spider xack presumably
rout tank didn't know that he's going to
be facing a w better xac cuz you got to
do a lot of that retreating out
instantly his ability to teleport behind
you and negate your cover and then
quickly DPS you down when you've only
got 420 hit p a squad is pretty rough to
contend with Scouts not very good in the
early game they need their upgrades and
then they certainly will pack a
punch so for now the probably just going
to be avoiding combat as best as
possible perhaps making use of Garrison
if he can react quick enough through
tank too slow a uned yeah pretty bad
there should have been able to make use
to the garrisons then would have negated
these banshees could be shooting them
whil they're capping shall it's
basically letting wte get a lot more m
control than really he ought to having
three units that speed 6.5 out versus
the two of wday which are the Guardians
5.5 or five I think they're 5.5 right
and similar with Hy Banshees should be
quite a big advantage in terms of m
control for RW tank early on but as I
say he really wants to avoid taking
fights so he's going to suffer good for
the for Commander here to rotate his
Focus onto the Guardians there's
actually some hope of bleeding their
models certainly if he shoots his Bol
pistol but doesn't seem he wants to do
that so that's a bit awkward didn't
really achieve a whole lot there Force
Commander didn't want to bother raising
his
arm a little bit too fatiguing for him
today
seen a fast Scout sge which is
bewildering I don't know why rout tank
would have gone for that he's also
dropped down triple gens he makes sense
that you go triple gens if you're going
to get a upgrade prior to getting a tier
point a tier 1.5 unit out and in fact
he's actually gone for double Sergeant
now obviously this will give him more
resilience make him less likely to bleed
to the range pew pew but it doesn't
really change the composition I really
feel like you want to get your ASM out
ASAP UPG complete I mean a shuriken
right now would would shut down these
Scouts quite effectively but really to
be honest if I'm fighting triple Scouts
and I'm worthy I'd be purchasing an
extra Guardian Squad and getting
upgrades on my w spider X sacks really
put the pain on in terms of piercing DPS
against these Scouts cuz ultimately that
is the best counter Rangers too immobile
shurikens also very immobile and can be
counted by the grenades on a flank or
them getting the Elite Training and just
infiltrating around the side of the
shuriken see we not really adapting very
well well he's also chosen to get the
improved Target as prior to getting a
weapon upgrade which is quite
inefficient the 50% increase damage from
the improved targeters is actually less
of a DPS rise
than just grenades sound Scout BR it's
actually less of a DPS rise than you
would have got if you just purchased the
uh heavy gauge death
spinner so you should probably do that
especially given that it gives you an
ability to stun annoying Heroes like the
FC and then you can get the target as
after if you want so probably the wrong
order there on those purchases rout tank
blowing up his Scouts quite a lot here I
don't know why they're all together I
mean it's not really a good
sign just coincidental foring off of
them yeah it really feels like these
Scouts are not dominating the map in the
way that you would expect W mu is going
to go for a tier two
here with only one accessory War gear
and an upgrade on the banshe being his
power purchases in tier one that is
absolutely insane and routen is going to
go for for a Asm Squad now rout tank
should see that there is no upgrade here
on the Guardians yet he's only got one
accessory on the spider and he's not
seen any shurikens or Rangers so mu is
doing something exceptional quite
clearly he could if he wanted to be
going tier two at the moment rout tank
should be aware of that possibility this
is going to be a difficult engagement
from wte can't quite finish off that FC
right now and he has to be really
careful about engaging remember every
time that that battlecry proc especially
is boosting the damage of the nearby
Space Marines and these shotguns
actually do proximity base damage you
can see they're ripping to pieces that
Squad of Guardians of course the scouts
there were saving their shotgun blast in
order to ensure the safety of that FC
another shotgun blast
please maybe they're waiting for the
retreat grenade indeed they're going to
get it let's see can rout tank pull it
off that looks good SED good by banshees
a little bit of bleed there for rout
tank thanks to this targeters wal spider
xar another Scout falling three of them
slain by the xar here I think the scouts
okay well I was going to say they need
to get out but not very much they force
off the spider now they definitely need
to get out they're fishing for some
bleed on the Guardians this is yeah not
great okay getting a bit too cocky
there just cuz his last grenade did
well and this is pretty silly by mu as
well so he didn't actually have any of
his genfan bashed in spite of that
pressure
and he's going for fast SW spiders why
you should know that your way ahead in
Tech I don't know if he's seen the ASM
he must have right certainly he seen
them while they were decapping that BP
but I'm sure they must have done some
capping on the side so quite shocking
that he's not gone for the Falcon
realizing that he's ahead in Tech maybe
he didn't see the ASM and he thinks he's
just facing triple Scouts but even then
these guys have invested a lot more
power than wor they ever invested so
yeah I found it odd not going for the
fast vehicle obviously is going to hurt
mu a lot right now because there's no
counter you could easily get a falcon
send it out and start taking out the Gen
Farm rout tank sting him back
tremendously but now it's not really
going to happen R tank is on his way TI
two by the time he elar vehicle does hit
the field now rout tank is going to be
tier two and able to field some AV
powerfist obviously is an option on the
FC melter bombs on the ASM plenty of
tools available to the Force Commander
likely to see St guard dropped in tier 2
as well you know no attacks in tier one
it feels kind of mandatory spiders
though are a great choice for mte I do
like the choice I would have got that
after the vehicle as you can see spiders
have amazing pacing DPS they really do
shred light infantry and yeah Scouts are
going to have a rough time against them
not even with an xar on this squad right
now which would contribute a lot more
DPS and you can see the speed at which
they kill them Scouts wow killed a scout
model there I didn't realize even though
they basically hit Retreat near
instantly what mu is going tier three
okay this is a weird game these guys are
just I don't know smallest T
ones smallest techs I've seen in a 1 V
one in
forever just called in a spider
Squad aror never had the red to use his
Global to call him in never got a weapon
upgrade as well can get the entangling
web now which probably be quite wise can
entangle ASM after they jump
in there's the
XR Scouts doing their best on the side
there're trying to get a bit of
decapping going on but always counted by
Guardians quite
effectively
enemy no energy there for a Teleport
from the Spy is that's a shame a little
bit of a Mis micro on these
Scouts I don't know if the priority is
to bash jens's i' get VPS I guess it's
to bash genen
still not a
tremendous stock power power from mte
probably can only afford one tier three
unit and then has to get out of there
yeah 90 power so the gem bash is going
to hurt but yeah guardin and spiders
versus Scouts not a great situation for
Scouts one-on-one these upgraded shotgun
Sergeant Scouts would be the guardians
but obviously they were caught out of
position there focusing more on the Gen
farm and again a lot of bleed for rank
he does have a lot of
requisition loads of requisition
actually still think sternard could be
quite effective obviously we we would
expect five prism C Council combo coming
out from mte but maybe he's just going
to save up for an avatar which is an
absolutely wild decision given how
little units he has purchased in this
game crazy yeah goes to the prism but
that's goingon to use all of his bank of
power 125 power for that bad boy and
honestly quite vulnerable to teleporter
pack power fist Force Commander In
addition to a melter bomb from the ASM
so I'm not not feeling it should be a
dead Scout Squad tremendous damage oh
really they didn't teleport after that
Scout come on
mte been an easy kill and now they're
getting way too close to these Scouts
leaving themselves vulnerable here to
shotgun
blast spiders are not focusing on the
scouts as well they're shooting ASM
which are way more resilient with the
heavy infantry armor as well big mistake
you're not going to force the ASM off in
time and you would bleed the scouts
tremendously so I don't really
understand and then we finally get
enough red for another call in of
spiders spiders
makes me say again you want Stern guard
there would be such an amazing count to
the spiders with the Hellfire rounds
obviously right now he's getting a
devast squad for a last
Cannon but if mer plays it properly with
a fire prism that last Cannon is not
really going to do anything the fire
prism and the last Cannon have the same
range but that disperse shot on the fire
prism will knock over the last Cannon
and prevent it from doing subsequent
shots so kind of a problem um I don't
really you know why the fire prism is
just shooting things in base it's it's
not got the DPS potential to just
out heal out DPS the healing of the base
and already we see the Force Commander
picking up the Power Fist and teleporter
pack makes sense why not be good for
chasing after these spider squads as
well I think every punch should pretty
much bleed a w spider model which will
start adding up again makes you think
you need either the entangling web or
the heavy gauge death filament on the
Wat exact to so-called counter initiate
the teleporting powerfist Force
Commander nice hit there from the prism
on the scouts yeah doing a lot of damage
they are going to infiltrate it is
notable that Mo right now doesn't have
any detection at all what what was that
was that an attack ground
nice very well done there by mu that was
great he just guessed so if you're not
familiar there is a command that you can
have your units do to make them just
shoot at an area anywhere you click you
don't normally unit cuz you don't
normally use it cuz units will
automatically attack but obviously in
that case from wte he couldn't have seen
anything but he just predicted they were
heading to the VP and he he got a
perfect shot knocked off of both the
enemy Scout squads but this is very
precarious he's just walked forward
right into alas Cannon which which
snares the prism and then the Force
Commander teleports in immobilizes it
with the ability flesh over steel and
that is the end of the fire prism I mean
why he's roaming around with the fire
prism like it is I don't know a dreadn
or something a walker not an extremely
fragile oh very slow micro there from W
should have stopped and shot a long time
ago would have killed the Force
Commander one of the disadvantages of w
spiders is that they don't have any fire
on the Move kind of compensates for
their teleport a bit but overwhelmed
there by the double Scouts and the SM
charging and oh there's a spider xar in
there I didn't see that the
hero and a juicy little
grenade
never killing a few more spider models
they're quite expensive to reinforce
let's have a look when he attempts to do
so yeah 53 wreck man that's a lot damn
that's going to prevent wte from really
being able to get too many of those
extra tier three units out not sure what
rout plan is he seems to have a
tremendous amount of resources I was
always saying go for stern guard but
right now we could get a dreadn
too uh I don't really think the dreadn
would be great oh the over St is welcome
there though trying to go for the
grenade again a greedy little grenades
from rout tank seem to be hurting him
quite a bit and yeah double spiders you
can see just melting the Scout Squad in
their place right
there behind us
the scouts really need to avoid the
spiders as best they can just cap hunt
down the guardians or if you're going to
be in the vicinity of the spiders you
need to be infiltrating if they Ambush
the spiders at close range and can hit
them with an explosive shot before the
spiders teleport away then that could be
pretty effective Scout ready
to but rout Tank's being given the
ability to go tier three as well accept
deat on the right
I've never seen a fire prison Rush
before not to my recollection anyway it
doesn't really
work the fire prism is not a Mainline
battle
tank it's more of a specialist weapons
platform so it's not very aggressive and
it's not very mobile it's slower than
most tanks as well as less
durable obviously compensates with the
fact that it can do chin not back to
infantry and it has longer range than a
tank but yeah you you wouldn't rush it
because of that immobility it's very
easy to set up counters for it if that
thing is a thing that's pushing forward
on its own that is what predators for L
tanks Leon rusts these kind of
things fire that's better all three
piercing squads fuckus firing the scouts
there Guardians might even be able to
kill them Guardians with no upgrades
right
now oh he doesn't Chase dude they had
less than 10 HP what the hell why would
he not Chase power fist by the way
killing these Guardians in one hit on
Retreat
hilarious does it tell me how much
damage it does per hit no no 85 DPS but
not DP
hitch the power of the warp spider Power
blades not quite on par but decent there
you go pick model all
right not sure why he went for the Power
blades as
such I guess he intends to get another
prism and he wants to tie it up with the
power tie the last counton that counters
the prism with the power blade spider
maybe I don't
know o FC in a bad spot now with the
spider been able to teleport I think
that should be GG for this Force
Commander should be another teleport
soon probably not even necessary
probably can just shoot this [__] he's
got a lot of HP regen thanks to this
artificer armor but there you go
beautiful sink kill ding ding ding ding
ding ding dead FC fortunately for ranky
has got an ungodly amount of requisition
oh my God how does he have so much wow
that's
ridiculous I feel like he's been
bleeding a few Scout models as well it
hasn't been like he's just never
bled
strange uh I'm thinking would you even
set up a secondary gen Farm it's very
tricky on this map to hold these
contested power points I think it
probably is worth it well I mean it
would be worth it now but I don't know
if so if we look at the power we can
obviously see that mu is floating an
absurd amount of power
so them stealing the farm if you build
it as a Space Marine wouldn't be a big
deal but of course rout tank doesn't
know that so there is a concern when you
spend your excess requisition on a
contested power node that the enem is
going to come out and just steal it and
you're going to give him a big Advantage
but honestly with this much power in the
bank from W he has no incentive to steal
it whatsoever so it would technically be
worth trying to spend some of this
excess requisition that rout tank has on
an additional gen Farm on one of these
contested power points Terminator is are
going to be the choice for rout tank so
probably quite convenient that the SE
Council coming from wte that will help
quite a lot maybe did want the prism but
then the the presence of these
Terminators has changed their mind and a
grenade there from the Scout just as
they Retreat wiping out the
Guardians beautiful bonus damage AC cost
units in
Garis quite an aggressive jump there
with the spiders and really quite lazy
as well to teleport them at exactly the
same location to a Time rather than
doing it one by one and staggering them
at least that way he would have kept one
of the ASM in play because they wouldn't
have both been knocked over by the ASM
jump oh but ASM super low right now and
see Council the ones leaping into combat
that's pretty scary I don't think
they've used Fleet of foot why are they
not using Fleet of foot dude they could
probably have killed that ASM Squad they
do take sorry not take but they do deal
reduce damage of Fleet of foot but for
God's sake they're so low it would have
been perfectly sufficient I think to
handle that Squad and a shotgun blast
going to deter these guys terminate to
turn around that pew pew with storm bols
that is the sa c l there they don't want
to bleed and this time we're going to
see a predator as the next tank hit in
the
field tanking in bird commas commas
because I don't really consider the fire
prism a tank there you go another Squad
down for rout tank and all of a sudden
that fire prism is looking a lot more
attractive now a last cannon on the
field he's not seen the Predator though
so I'm not sure how much mu feels he
needs a v obviously when he sees that
Predator it's going to cause him a lot
of problems especially that safe Council
but it's always nice when you got double
hair wire grenade that always helps
against vehicles for
sure can take some players so long to
repair their vehicles that you can
literally just take them down by
successive ha grenades cuz I think the
ha grenade cool down is only like 30
seconds or something so if you just keep
spamming that you can definitely take
down
those kind of
threats oh that was a big hit from the
Thunder Hammer holy
[__] huge damage on the safe Council
there o but he overse his welcome crack
shot there on the wat spider Squad
boosting their range and damage and that
is a tremendous amount of damage what
spider XA going into melee there a
little bit of a mistake from rout tank
should have forced melee so this guy oh
wow
he didn't need to do that teleport he
literally just killed him
o see these spiders will not do much
against the Terminators with the super
heavy infantry armor and that is why of
course the spider went into melee but I
don't think M realize how low HP
was needs to somehow get the sear into
melee without losing too much health and
then he can use the spiders to force off
the one remaining Scout Squad and yeah
only one remaining Squad means repairs
are going to be very slow to come in to
this Predator but there's really not
that much to deal with it other than
like I say the hair wies on the spider
Squad so he can keep teleporting in
throw to her Retreat out he can just
keep doing that trick and hoping that
rout tank doesn't fully re repair the
Predator every time and then eventually
maybe he has some hope taking it out but
really he needs to get another unit out
doesn't he he has to get another five
prism I don't really see what else he
could go for DEC canons are going to be
way too Mobile on a map like this Avatar
is going to take too long and
everything in tier 2 just feels kind of
me at this point we've even got Vanguard
veterans now for rout tank who by the
way is nearly 200 VPS ahead as well
so not looking good for our friend M
here right
now treating those spiders out of
there not tell sure why that Scout Squad
was retreating perhaps got harassed by
the wat spider reack and just really
didn't want to lose requisition but I
think at this point it probably is not
as big of a deal he's he's kind of got
mostly what he wants he's got the the
one two of a predator and a Terminator
Squad which honestly you can't really go
too wrong with spider just going to do
typical spider things and TRW the hell
out of the FC teleporting behind him
over a ledge after he charges in just
going for the Decap can't manage it
though FC is too powerful way too much
damage actually use his own teleporter
there to teleport on top of the W spider
xack which I find quite amusing the
irony is
real eny web boy
Gates seeing those web boy Gates here
come to C Council instantly you just say
bang and a c council member is killed by
that tank going to be double hair wire
and rear arm how much does this do 7 900
HP to 400 and something wow big damage
there from the double rear armor ha wire
and also big damage from the Ws by the
squad though they're a little bit too
close they do manage
to get themselves knocked over by the
scouts which is not ideal okay W is
becoming very very low on VPS right now
he's going for another fire prism to
help finish off this this Predator which
is fine cuz he doesn't have any real AV
purely Haywire
grenades spider XA is going to reclaim
the natural and he's actually conquered
the natural here of rout tank probably
with this webway gate as assistance he
probably needs to get a shuriken
out but yeah Vanguard veterans now on
the field oh man this is so
tough just even better ASM more HP way
more damage including a bunch of power
melee they're pretty terrifying so what
we got going on over here we just had an
isolated Frost Commander uh yeah
fighting two squads of spiders and the
xar not a great situation for
them city council got spotted I think
they were sort of hiding out down here
ready to rotate back in and take the VP
as well as One V one Vanguard veterans
if they could get the opportunity but
that's the thing rout tank should know
how this works right now and he should
not be sending isolated units off to cap
those points he needs some assistance
everywhere essentially
see how the fire prism can do here
against the Predator it's not focusing
on it right now obviously won't be able
to see
it could just see the ASM cuz they were
the ones capping the
point okay really should be leading with
something else that's not fans right now
that's not a good idea I can promise you
oh a second Squad of Terminators ooh I
think mte is a little bit screwed he's
on nine VPS for God's sake this is going
to be a fight over the center but yeah
six Terminators mhm how are you going to
deal with that there goes a cyclone
missile barrage we can see the spread on
that is absolutely massive at long range
not really worth
it spiders do manage to hear wire the
predator and the focus firing the FC
nice so they do get rid of that fret but
wow look at the HP on the prism Predator
messing up firing at the spider Squad
and then the prism drives forward
shooting at infantry and gets caught by
a return fire cannon from the Predator
that was very stupid M what on Earth
were you doing not to mention these guys
do have power fist as well so they could
have forced melee that was really
silly yeah Mor is a little bit screwed
there cheeky little shotgun blast didn't
even lose a model on the
scouts and an eldrich storm doesn't do
[__] Terminators they're going to dodge
it easy enough the teleport and again W
spiders just outputting piercing very
good against commanders very good
against Scouts not really doing anything
against Terminators how do you defeat a
Space Marine tier 312 with Predator
tanks and Terminators let me tell you
it's extremely difficult you're going to
need a tier three one two yourself and
we say kind of had that with the prism
and the SE Council it's probably the
weakest tier three12 in the game but
yeah I don't know
yeah M say wanting a focus on the
vehicles I don't believe that's possible
to
add it is frustrating that you you end
up soon as you move your your vehicle
they just start send up
automatically I don't know whether to
say start or end up they start
automatically firing at whatever's
closest so annoying but I don't think we
can actually solve that from a Dev
perspective unfortunately there you go
folks a little bit of Space Marine
versus Elder we're actually seen a bit
more Elder now which is cool I feel like
we went for a long time with an lar
drought but there you have it I am topid
and I am signing out
[Music]